what makes you think the writers of
Genesis were a great writer I mean who
were they we don't we know nothing about
them I think they were great writers
because I understand the patterning of
the stories and what it points to the
idea for example that Cain and Abel are
emblematic of two opposed patterns of
adaptation to the world is brilliant
it's almost brilliant Beyond imagining
especially because the story is so
insanely compressed and it's certainly
evident to me as a clinician that the
patterns that are portrayed in the story
of can and able play themselves out in
the real world continually and terribly
terribly